♪ ♪
(grunting)
The weather's
getting worse.
Visibility's almost zero.
It's crazy to try to deliver
cargo to a place like this.
We won't be delivering
anything to anyone if we
can't find the landing strip.
Uh!
Hey, there it is!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
(Mr. Heartland)
I can't believe it.
Erazor.
Chironex.
How could those two let
themselves be defeated?
Everything will
be fine, Heartland.
Fortunately you have
the buzzworthy
abilities of Scritch
at your service to
turn things around.
I'm glad you're so confident
because you'll need those skills
to take down Yuma's pal Kite.
Oh, I'll stick it to
him guaranteed.
Don't worry about a thing.
He won't be bugging
us ever again.
Kite won't know what bit him.
It's all good.
I checked around
and Heartland City
looks totally safe.
Isn't that great news?
We ought to celebrate.
Hey Yuma, are you gonna search
the city every single day?
Of course I am, Trey.
If the Barians are
gonna be back again
and I'll beat 'em again!
Uh, Yuma?
Yeah?
Are you sure you're doing
okay since Astral...
Goodbye, my friend.
Yuma?
I'm fine.
And now that you're here,
it's almost like
having 10 Astrals!
So if the Barians make
the mistake...
(Caswell)
Well, it sure
sounds like
he's gotten over Astral to me.
At least that's
the way Yuma's acting.
Poor guy.
(Flip) Hey, there he is!
Yeah, Yuma, Yuma!
It's all done!
What's everybody doing here?
The whole thing is finished!
I...
Zip it, will ya?
What's with Flip?
Let him talk.
(all laughing)
The preparations are complete!
For what?
This is it.
I looked around
and flipped some cards for a box
of old stained glass.
So I put some pieces
together and I made this...
for Astral.
It's nice, but why did
you build it here, Flip?
I thought it was a nice place to
be able to come to and think
about all the good
times we had with Astral.
We don't need that!
These things are
important, Bronk.
They help people
remember and move on.
Of all the boneheaded...
Cut Yuma some slack!
The guy just lost his best
friend in the whole world.
Why would you ever think
this was a good idea?
Well?
You little...
Hey, your eyes are leaking.
Why wouldn't they be?
I didn't really know Astral,
not the way Yuma did.
And I couldn't always see or
talk to Astral like Yuma could.
But that doesn't mean
he wasn't my friend.
Astral was a friend
to every single one of us.
I remember the first time we saw
him like it was yesterday.
Me too, I couldn't
believe my eyes.
I miss him.
(sobbing)
Oh, we all do.
(Tori) Astral.
If it wasn't for him, we
wouldn't all be together.
(Flip) That's why I built this,
so we can think back to all
the adventures we had.
The good ones.
The scary ones.
And especially the funny ones.
Yuma, your grandma says
it's time for... Huh?
Yuma.
♪ ♪
Hey, Astral.
Ha, that duel
today was awesome!
It sure was.
And the best part
was at the very end.
Astral, remember the look on
that kid's face...
It was cool.
(laughing)
I definitely need
this card in my deck.
(Astral) Wise choice, Yuma.
Huh?
Ah, Astral!
Back to work...
(man) How's he doing, Trey?
Yuma's become
an amazing duelist.
Astral has really
taught him a lot.
But now, without Astral,
I think Yuma sort of
lost his confidence.
Do you think he'll be
able to get it back?
I don't know yet.
It's too soon to tell.
Well, it looks like
we picked the right place,
even if we can barely see it.
You deserve all
the credit, Kite.
You made the call.
Are you positive you want to go
through with this, Quinton?
I'm sure.
I have to, even though
it's dangerous.
And there's no way
Yuma can know about it.
♪ ♪
See?
All quiet.
Well, another safe
day in Heartland.
♪ ♪
Guess the Barians know better
than to mess with Yuma Tsukumo.
(Trey) At least for now.
What's that supposed to mean?
You think...
What in the world?
Guys!
So you're following me again?
Aw!
Yuma, we just want to
make sure you're okay.
I'm totally okay.
Why wouldn't I be okay?
The way you're acting,
it doesn't seem like you've
accepted the fact
that Astral's gone.
Uh.
Why would you think that?
What have I done?
Yuma, it's obvious
to everybody.
What's obvious?
He really doesn't have a clue.
Yuma, take a second
and think about
all of the places
you've been visiting
day after day.
(Tori) Don't you see?
They're all places where you
and Astral dueled
and battled together.
Ah!
No way.
That isn't true.
You guys are just joking right?
You and Astral
dueled... here.
(Caswell) In the end...
(Flip)
This is the last place
you stop every day.
Astra, l...
(Trey) Yuma.
I know you believe that you've
accepted that Astral's gone
and that you're okay with it.
But the truth is you spend every
day searching for Astral
as if you can find him.
Huh.
Astral's gone, Yuma.
I know it's tough.
But you need to face it.
I won't, Trey.
I can't.
Yuma, wait.
Come back!
Never.
(Yuma) I'll never believe it.
He can't be.
I won't believe he's gone.
♪ ♪
Rise up.
Astral.
Yuma.
You're going to catch
a cold out here.
Let's go.
Just leave me alone!
Huh.
Astral's not gone.
He's alive.
I know it!
And I don't care what
anybody says or thinks.
I'm gonna keep looking for him
until I find my friend!
(boy)
That's what I was
waiting to hear.
Huh?
Yuma.
On your feet.
Oh!
Kite!
Time to go.
Go?
Go where?
We're going to find Astral.
(all gasping)
If this is your idea of a joke,
I don't think it's very funny.
What's that?
It's your ticket to
finding your friend.
Are you in or out?
I'm all in.
(lightning striking)
So there's a chance
Astral's still alive?
That's what we're
about to find out.
So why do you wanna
help me all of a sudden?
Because we need Astral
now more than ever.
You need Astral, for what?
You haven't forgotten about
the Numeron Code, have you?
No, I remember.
(Astral)
Yuma, the card is so powerful
that it can determine
the fate of every world.
We believe that Barian World
and Astral World
are after the Numeron Code.
But if Barian World
gets it first,
they'll use its power to
destroy Astral World.
We need to get it
before either of them,
but we can't find it
without Astral.
So while you were busy feeling
sorry for yourself,
Quinton and I found
a way to get to Astral World.
A way to Astral World?
How do we get there?
The key is here in this coin.
Hey, that's one of the coins
I found in the ruins that
belonged to my dad!
But I have all seven.
Look!
There's one missing.
You stole it from me!
"Stole" is so harsh.
I just borrowed it.
Huh.
For a reason.
This coin held an
incredible, valuable secret.
What's wrong, Kite?
Nothing.
(lightning striking)
♪ ♪
Ah-choo!
I've never seen anything
like that before.
(Kite) Quinton and I built it.
It's an interdimensional
teleporter.
Oh, one of those.
Hello.
Welcome back, Master Kite!
Astral's airship was
somehow able to detect
Numbers when it
couldn't before.
We had to find out
how it did that.
I guessed the ship wasn't
detecting Numbers,
it was detecting
your father's coins.
So I took one and studied
it and I was right.
What did you find out?
It turns out the coins
are made of a material
from Astral World
called Astralite.
What is Astralite?
It's a substance made of
tremendous energy
that holds incredible power.
We're going to use its power to
force open the portal to another
dimension and send you
to Astral World.
Incredible.
And you think
it'll really work?
(man) Kite!
Huh?
(Yuma) Quinton!
I thought I told you
not to bring him here.
You did.
But unlike you, I don't see
any point in babying him.
I thought we agreed
I would test out the device
and if it was successful,
then and only then,
would we inform Yuma
of our plan.
Well, I guess
I changed my mind.
Quinton, why didn't you tell me
that I could
get to Astral World?
Because I know you
and I knew if I told you,
you would insist on going.
You have to let me
use it, Quinton.
You know I'll do anything it
takes to find Astral!
A million things could go wrong
and we haven't tested any of it.
Even if the transporter worked
and you survived the trip
to Astral World,
it's a world we know
absolutely nothing about.
It could very well
be a one-way trip.
I don't care.
It's a risk I'm totally
willing to take!
Look, Quinton.
You and I both know
that Yuma's father
left those coins in
the ancient ruins on purpose.
Those seven coins must
be a message for Yuma
to go to Astral World.
If that's true, it's gotta
mean Astral's still alive!
And if he's alive,
I'm the person
who should go and find him.
The only person!
(Tori)
You guys gotta
let Yuma do this.
Yuma and Astral share
a special bond.
I know that he can find Astral!
Thanks, Tori.
Please, Quinton.
Let me go find Astral.
All right, Yuma.
You win.
(Quinton) All right, Yuma.
The teleporter is going to open
the portal to Astral World
and send you there.
But we don't know how long we
can keep the portal open.
If it closes...
you'll never come home again.
Yeah.
But guys, don't you
worry about a thing!
I'll bring Astral
back, guaranteed.
Orbital, let's do this!
Yes sir, Master Kite.
(Quinton)
Charge up the Astralite.
When it reaches
maximum strength,
we'll release all
the stored energy
in a single burst that'll
create a wormhole to
Astral World.
At least, that's the plan.
Yuma, for your own safety,
stay in that exact spot
until it's fully charged.
The Astralite's only good for
a single blast, so we only have
one shot to open the portal.
Let's do this.
Astralite charged to 40%.
45,
50,
55...
(exclaiming)
What's wrong?
The power's down.
So it can't charge!
We need to find more power now.
Orbital, jack this thing
into your power core.
But, sir I...
Just do as I tell you!
Oh please hurry, Orbital!
All right.
I knew I should have packed
some spare batteries.
(screaming)
Orbital!
Settle down, it's nothing
a quart of oil
won't be able to fix.
(laughing)
(man)
So sorry to spoil your
little science project
but I can't allow Yuma to
go to Astral World.
(Kite)
You Barians always show up at
the worst possible times.
Don't you know you're
not welcome here?
(Kaninja laughing)
(growling)
I'll make you stop laughing...
Stay where you are.
Remember that you can't
leave that spot until
the Astalite's fully charged.
I'll be the one to pounce
on this pathetic pest.
(Quinton)
He won't get near the teleporter
till you're through the portal.
We'll both make sure of that.
Okay, thanks guys.
(chuckling) So be it.
I'll take you two
down first then!
(gasping)
In this field,
my life points are doubled
and your life points
are halved.
Like that's gonna help you.
Let's do this.
I'm going to love taking
the two of you down.
I can't wait to
get under your skin!
(laughing)
Somebody call pest control.
(Yuma) Quinton, use this!
This was my Number Card.
I figured it might
come in handy.
I appreciate the card
and I'm positive that it will.
I have to admit, I never thought
the day would come when we'd be
dueling together
like this, Kite.
Just do the best you can
to keep up with me, Quinton.
Keep up with you?
If it wasn't for me
you wouldn't know how to duel.
The student frequently
outshines the master.
Then I think we should be able
to squash this mosquito.
Go Photon Transformation!
We're going to swat you down!
This, I promise!
(Kaninja)
You shouldn't make promises you
know you can't keep.
Let's duel!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality Vision
Link established.
Let's duel!
My turn, I draw!
First, I summon
Deep-Space Cruiser IX.
Then I activate
the spell Hologram Projection.
This lets me make a hologram
of my
Deep-Space Cruiser IX
so now I have two.
Yeah!
Way to start the duel!
I overlay my two
Deep-Space Cruisers.
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon the Number that
Yuma gave back to me...
Number Nine, Dyson Sphere.
The bigger they are,
the harder they fall.
I can assure you that
try as you might,
my monster will not fall.
But you however,
will not be as fortunate.
Time to take you down.
My turn.
I draw.
First I summon Photon Thrasher!
Next, I summon
Photon Chargeman!
And I think I'll charge
it up right away
by doubling its attack points.
I tribute my Photon Thrasher
and Chargeman to summon
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!
(roaring)
It's your move, bug boy!
Dyson Sphere
and Galaxy-Eyes,
just where I want them.
(laughing)
My turn, I draw!
I summon Mosquito Force!
But I'm not done.
I'm gonna add reinforcements.
You see Mosquito Force's
special ability
lets me add another
Mosquito Force to my hand.
Next, I activate the spell
Ninjitsu Art of
Mosquito Marching.
I can now summon two
Mosquito Forces
to the frontline to
strengthen my skeeter squadron!
Three Level 2 monsters.
I know what he's hatching.
I overlay three
Level Two Mosquito Forces.
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number Two
Ninja Shadow Mosquito.
Did it just disappear?
What's this bug brain up to?
I don't see it.
Do you?
No, It's gone!
I can assure you,
my mighty and magnificent
monster is here.
And you'll soon
learn the hard way
what the buzz is all about!
♪ ♪